Add docs for datamodule hparams (#9428)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/extensions/datamodules.rst

But overall, DataModules encourage reproducibility by allowing all details of a dataset to be specified in a unified
structure.

----------------

Hyperparameters in DataModules
------------------------------
Like LightningModules, DataModules support hyperparameters with the same API.

> .. code-block:: python
> 
>     import pytorch_lightning as pl
> 
> 
>     class CustomDataModule(pl.LightningDataModule):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: python

    import pytorch_lightning as pl

    class CustomDataModule(pl.LightningDataModule):
```

        def __init__(self, *args, **kwargs):
            super().__init__()
            self.save_hyperparameters()

> Refer to `save_hyperparameters` in :doc:`lightning module <../common/lightning_module>` for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to :meth:`~pytorch_lightning.core.lightning.LightningModule.save_hyperparameters` for more details.
```
Can you check if linking to it directly would work?

Author: it only highlights unfortunately
